---
id: daily_notes
aliases: []
tags:
  - daily_notes
created: 2025-09-04 06:56
---

tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Wednesday, September 03, 2025

<< [[Timestamps/2025/09-September/03-09-2025|Yesterday]] | [[04-09-2025|Tomorrow]] >>

---

## Tasks Done

```tasks
done on 2025-09-04
```

## 📅 Daily Questions

##### 🌜 Last night, after work, I...
-  

##### 🙌 One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- She is recovering, But she is on her period , so i am more worried about that. 

##### 🚀 One+ thing I plan to accomplish today is...

- [ ]

##### 👎 One thing I'm struggling with today is...

- ***

## 📝 Notes
It was 6:29AM I suddently wokeup from a dream, in that dream , Sneha and a new Girl Was there, i think its olivia, the day she told her that she needs to leave, i tried to contact olivia , i requsted in my both accounts, i've said to Sneha that, ask Olivia for an openion, and at that time i've thought, maybe i could tell Olivia that "please tell Sneha that she did the right thing", i dont know why i want to do that, i love Sneha too much but the same time i dont want her to feel like she is doing a bad thing. 
So, i woke upfrom this dream, i was happy for sometime , maybe its because the dream , i had too many dreams today but only remembers this. and Now at the time of writing 9:55 AM , i forgot most of the detail also. 


It's like 10:06 AM , and i am still staring at telegram , expecting that she say "Arun I am really sorry , it was a mistake , i now realize that i can not live with out you, and I love you, will you forgive me ? " , I will be like "Yes Yes yes, i told you know? You will comeback". It feels so good to say this, but its like 3 and 1/2 hours im here just staring at her screen and continue to stare like this.


#### She Comes online 
Time: 10:53 AM 
I've stared like 3:45 Hours this point and after 11 Hours she came online, not once , twise and i think she is comming there to check on my, i dont know for some reason, i feel lighter. 

Now i am thinking about why i am writing all this, i feel less pain when writing this, and i am afraid that, what if i forget all this , like my body mechanisms kicks in to guard me from her ? , like Alzheimer's is mostly happens due to extream depression, i thought about writin all this , but when i write what if she comes back online? i dont know for some reason i feel alive when she comes online.

#### I cried again
Time: 11:13 AM 
My eyes hurted like hell, but i still kept staring at telegram 

Its like, 30 Minutes since she came online , i kept rhyming the same thing over and over again 

***I have died every day waiting for you***  
***Darling, don't be afraid***  
***I have loved you for a thousand years***  
***I'll love you for a thousand more***

and i just really want her to send this, but i am just worried that, she told me she have something to write , IADS, i think she will be writing that, why disturbing someone else's peace for our comfort?

***How can I love when I'm afraid to fall?***  
***But watching you stand alone***  
***All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow***

***One step closer***

***I have died every day waiting for you***  
***Darling, don't be afraid***  
***I have loved you for a thousand years***  
***I'll love you for a thousand more***


#### Everything Goes Terrible
Time: 11:30 AM 
I get out from bed , because my parents were asking me to go to see a doctor. But i am affraid , what will i tell to the doctor ? that i am feeling depressed, there is no medicin than her comeback can change this. Also , after i brushed, my mom call me what do you want to eat , i just want to go to my bed and have some sleep , but i cant for some reason. But she kept asking me what do you want to eat , we had , "weat rava" and notmal "rava" which is made using Rice powder. I suddently remembered that she dont like Weat rava, not She is telling me even now to go to hospital. I took some rava made of rice powder and left , we had bannana and fish curry but i did not take any just the rava.

My brother was playing with me like , like he wont move out of the way, suddently i got angry and just hit him slitly like i always do but he took it serious , and now he is also not talking to me. He knows about Sneha , and i can not tell him this situation, i dont know what to do know.
When i was brushing , thought i can not code now , i can not hear music right now , so can i be that old Arun CS ever , the one that solves all the coding problem ?? i want to be an expert in coding but i think this might hurt that a little.
And, she is offline for over an Hour, I really want her to tell that i love you so much, i would flip the world upside down for you if i have to , just come back . But i think she will never know this.


#### Afternoon
Time: 15:42 PM 
I can't seem to hold back, i wondered what she's doing , so i texted 
Arun: "Hey , Sneha How are you?"
Sneha: "I'm good ,What about you?"
Arun: "Staring at telegram since this morning 6:30"
Which was not correct because i was staring since yeasterday 12PM , and somehow i slept, i did not remember when.

And conversation continued for sometime and, i said that Sanju Texted this morning , Dude was so worried about me , i told him before that i getting worse by day. 

She also asked what did he say , but i dont want to explain all this , i remembered i have posted all this in my private notes , and remembered that she has access , i have given access before , and i dont feel like removing it soon , just because of the hope, and she is the only thing i kept private(from sombody) , and my work. 

So i sent her the link , but i think she did not have her github account with her , so i made it public, but latter realized , if someone sees it , it might cause her some trouble so i made it private. Instead i made a site and send it to her. Its not a private site but no one would get the link to that so its kinda private, i always want to share this to her , but not a time like this, i hopped it would be all colorful , but nothing is perfect i guess.

After She texted me 

***Everything indicates like I'm a sinner***
***Now exactly I'm***

how i feel now is that , its not her fault to get doubts , and it very normal , i have seen , so meany relatioship fall , then they come back , but in their relatioship there must be some reason like one gets angry or cheats something like that , but here is none , so i am hopping that she will change soon. So its not her fault , because , i thought i was a sinner to , but what i always do is that , i sit and as the hardest questions to my innerself, like this is what i wanned to do ?. And i always get a clear answer , this time i asked really hard , and i always gets to one conclusion. 

But then she suddently said ,
***So I stopped being a sinner***
i am like fk , did she mean that she is comming back? , i guess it is not , because she just called me.

#### Her Fear
A boy and a girl can never truly stay as friends for long , and if one of them develop, any soft corner for one , then their friendship will turn into relationship. 

I really want to hold her leg and apologies, because i should have kept my worries my self , but this pain is far worse than , anything i have ever experienced, and i am sure that she still loves me. I am a man, after all , all i ever wanted is to protect her, and i feel like if i say these things now , how will i ever live happily? , i am haunted by the past , so much , that , i never forget what i did to others , and i always apologies to them before anything else. But this case i feel like she needs me to , and i need her more than anything. 

Everyone i saying Cs , this will go away , i know because i am a human , but i also know that , the worst feeling in the entire world is abandoning , like if some one abandon you for some reason , you will never forget  or never forgive. I dont want to hate her , nor do i want to feel like she abandoned me. If there were some solid reason , i would have done gone away, it might still hurt like hell , but this time it will be my fault.

I tried to convince her that, she can trust me, like i never lied (except some miner things like , having food, but that was after the whole thing), and i've promised that i will stay 100% transparent, like i am doing now. But she want me not to hope for the best , but i continue to do so. 

She is now like, she did not even want to marry anyone, but at the same time, she put these awesome concepts in my head that , i dreamed about only her ever since, as a human i wanned to be happy too, and i know that, i am not like others , i truly want to support her at any cost. I know this is life, but i want to bet against all the odds, and what she is saying that , she dont deserve all this, but how can i tell her that she is, the most deserving person i ever met. 

I really wanned to discuss about her fears , may be if i hear it all , we might understand whats the issue. For my case , i lived most of the time alone , not because i choosed  to be alone but people made me do it, but then i started to go to different colleges and met different people , and understand it is not because i am bad or anything , its just that i dont respect their values, like when ever i have the cleaning duty people will kick the dust bin and i would have to do the cleaning all over again , i never understood why, the made me think that i am some kind of missfit , and i become victim of  my own thoughts somehow, for some time. 

But her's is different , she is energetic , positive (most of the time) , and full of hope , i changed when i realized the truth. 
Its hard to find someone like her , i have noted everything she said upto this point , like when ever i hear a new thing i will be like , how can we be this similar but from time to time i realized that we were meant to be for each other. And i always say I am not going to give it up easily, If the pain is real , and if this love is real , i will fight no matter what.

And an interesting thing i noted is that , i had , a bad head ache , but when i texted her , it was gone, like it faded little by little and by the time she called and i heard her voice , its like the head ache took a nitro and left. She has asked me to give her some time , i am giving her all the time she needs , but also the same time my condition is getting worse , but i want to pass this exam , because i promised her this before i will pass all the exam , and if i fail because of her , i will be fine but , she might not , so i really want to pass this exam for her sake. Its like if she ever tell me like "Arun I need you" then i might even get an **S** grade but all i can do is write this, because it keeps my focus in one place, i can not be alone , like when i am in bus i keep having the same episode and every time i imagine , i always loose her and it makes me so sad. I wish and i know that , she will change and realize that this is life , and she is good , and i am good enough for her. Like i am trying really really hard to understand and support . 
I've also listened to some music after she text me , one of it was **Etho Sayana** , and this lyrics hits me really really hard.

***Paathi paadum gaanam pole,***
**Dhoore dhoore marayaruthe nee.***


Actually i asked her moms number , and if i get her moms number, i would ask her permission that i love you daughter  so much that , please dont tell me to stop. I will ask my mom to please speak to her mom and say that what is happening like , i have not been eating or doing anything that, she really thinks that her son loves you daughter  so much , can we allow then as it is and figure out on their own?. How can i save my self, if i cant even save my Sneha. May be this is stupid thought but, at this point i dont know what is stupid or not, but i do have a clarity in what i am doing , because i think this is right.


---

### Notes created today

```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-09-03") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today

```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-09-03") SORT file.mtime asc
```
